# Introduction to Data Science, Group Project

This is a template repository for your group project. One of your group members should clone this repository and add the other team members as collaborators. You should also add the `uoeIDS` course GitHub account as a collaborator.

## Repository structure

- `/data` -- Save any data you are using for your project in this folder.
- `/img` -- If you choose to incorporate any supplementary images into your report or presentation that are not generated by your code, then you should upload the images to this folder.
- `investigation.Rmd` -- Use this file as the primary location for doing your data science investigation. Here you can develop code and document your findings as part of your exploration. Feel free to create additional `.Rmd` files for different group members or different investigation directions - do what works best for your group. 
- `report.Rmd` -- This file is for the write-up of your group project report, which is to be submitted in week 11. Provided that you are documenting your findings during your investigations, then this should involve copying & pasting material and ensuring that the report flows coherently as if from one unified voice.
- `presentation.Rmd` -- Use this file to create your presentation. You will need to download and install the `xaringan` package that contains all of the R and markdown code that you will need to create and compile the presentation slides. For this, run `install.packages("xaringan")` once on your console. Guidance on using the `xaringan` package for creating a presentation in Rmarkdown can be found at [https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/xaringan.html](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/xaringan.html).
- `README.md` -- This document, which outlines the structure of the report. The contents of this file will be rendered on GitHub, and so you can add comments below to keep a track of what  and can be used to keep additional note or task lists.

## Team members
- Jamie Burrell (s2659884), jamie-burrell
- Hylda Mohd Azizi s2668393, hyldaazizi
- Yara Kanaan (s2729303), yarakanaann
- Aiman Ahmad Sharman (s2726955), MuhammadAiman1406
- Farhan Khan (s2474382), farhan28k
- Joel Barron (s2666582), barron-joel





## Task list

(Optional) Use the space below to structure your group project and to distribute tasks amongst members. It is not expected that every member makes a contribution to each component of the investigation, but you should aim to share the work fairly that utilises each other's strengths (eg. coding, analysis, report writing, etc.)

- Introduction (Muhammad)
- Question setting (Jamie)
- Data cleaning (Jamie)
- Summary statistics (Joel)
- Data visualisations (Yara/Joel)
- Deciding a model
- Modelling
- Interpeting/evaluating model
- Questions

## Planning
- 20th October - Initial meeting in workshop and data set selection
- 27th October - Workshop checkin and initial wrangling and exploratory data analysis
- w/c 28th Oct/4th Nov - Exploratory data analysis, and refining question as we learned about modelling in lectures
- 11th Nov - Meeting to finish visualisations and start thinking about what models we could use
- 20th Nov - Meeting to finish data wrangling and cleaning, and conclude exploratory data analysis. Planned what model to use and decided structure of presentation and report



## Check-in 2 (week 10)

- Add team members to ReadMe
- 
- item 2
- etc.
